For the score_guess function, I loop through guess checking first if equal to and same location of secret word. If it is, then I set the position at result to "g". If word is included but not same location, then result is set to "y". Finally, if letter isn't in secret, the "x" is put. For checking if word is contained in word, I create a seperate function that loops through secret word. After the loop, I use strcmp(result, "ggggg") to check if the secret == guess. If so, then true is returned or else false is returned. Valid_guess is a simple for loop that uses strcmp to check if a word is in the array. If so then true is sent or else false is returned. For load_vocabulary, I first set num_words to 0 and malloc space for double pointer. Then I set a 7 size array called buf within stack so it frees immediately. I then use fopen() to open file in read and use fgets using buf as a place to put the text to read the lines of the file. If buf isn't null, then out[*num_words] = strdup(buf) and num_words gets incremented. Additionally, before I do out[*num_words] = strdup(buf), I cut the "\n" from buf using strcspn so int h = strcspn(buf, "\n"), buf[h] = 0, and out[*num_words] = strdup(buf). Finally, I check if I'm running out of space and use realloc to re alloacte space and set it to out. Before setting, I check if the reallocating failed and if it didn't then out  = temp where char **temp = realloc(out, (INC + *num_words) * sizeof(char*)). After loading vocabulary, I close the file and return out. For free_vocabulary, I loop through vocabulary array and free the individual arrays in the array. Then I free vocabulary which frees all the memory.